docs: Surface brokers in docs (#791)
ubuntu/authd: docs/howto/index.md

# How-to guides

## Installation and configuration

Install authd and identity brokers then configure them for your cloud identity
provider.

```{toctree}
:titlesonly:

Install authd <install-authd>
Configure authd <configure-authd>
```

## Login and authentication

Read about how users can authenticate when
logging into Ubuntu Desktop or Server.

```{toctree}
:titlesonly:

Log in with GDM <login-gdm>
Log in with SSH <login-ssh>
```

> ## File-sharing
> 
> Learn how to use authd with different file-sharing protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Network file systems

Learn how to use authd with different network file systems.
```

Author: addressed in https://github.com/ubuntu/authd/pull/791/commits/76a7266340abc942eea875fc4fe211b29e09d706
